
                      **********************************

                          reqtools.library

                          The requester toolkit.

                          Release 1.0d

                          (c) 1991/1992 Nico François

                      **********************************


   The programs and files in this distribution are freely distributable, but
are also Copyright (c) Nico François. They may be freely distributed as long
as no more than a nominal fee is charged to cover time and copying costs.

   Programmers can register as a ReqTools developer by sending US$25 to:

                                Nico François
                                Corbielaan 13
                                B-3060 Bertem
                                BELGIUM

   Send money by EuroCheck (only in Belgian Francs (BEF)!), postal(!) money
order or cash!  It's impossible for me to cash in foreign checks.  Please
state the version of reqtools.library you have (use the C:Version command to
display the version) and if you use the 1.3 or 2.0 version.

   If you register you will be sent the next update of ReqTools (when it
becomes available) and you will be kept up to date concerning further
developments regarding ReqTools.

   The complete ReqTools package contains following files:

    Aztec (dir)
        reqtools.lib
        reqtoolsnb.lib
    doc (dir)
        reqtools.doc
        windowptr.readme
    demo (dir)
        demo
        demo.c
        makefile
    dlib (dir)
        README
        reqtoolss.lib
        reqtoolssr.lib
        Source.lzh
    fd (dir)
        reqtools_lib.fd
    include (dir)
        clib (dir)
            reqtools_protos.h
        libraries (dir)
            reqtools_lib.i
            reqtools.h
            reqtools.i
        pragmas (dir)
            reqtools.h
        proto (dir)
            reqtools.h
    include13 (dir)
        utility (dir)
            hooks.h
            hooks.i
            tagitem.h
            tagitem.i
    kick13 (dir)
        reqtools.library
    kick20 (dir)
        reqtools.library
    lib (dir)
        README
        reqtools.lib
        reqtoolsnb.lib
        Source.lzh
    Modula2 (dir)
        ReqTFileReq.def      ReqTFileReq.mod
        ReqTools.def         ReqTools.doc
        ReqTools.dok         ReqToolsDemo.mod
        ReqToolsSupport.def  ReqToolsSupport.mod
    Oberon (dir)
        ReqTools.mod
        ReqToolsDemo.mod
    RTPatch (dir)
        RTPatch
        RTPatch.doc
    DISTRIBUTION
    README
    reqtoolsDemo
    Install
    Install.script

   The 'include13' directory holds clones of 'utility/tagitem.[hi]' and
'utility/hooks.[hi]' for people who haven't got the 2.0 include files.  The
original files are not included because they are copyrighted by Commodore.

   All of these files (except demo.c and ReqToolsDemo.mod) must remain
unmodified and are copyrighted by the author.  None of these files may be
distributed on its own, the entire package must be distributed as one whole.
'demo.c' and 'ReqToolsDemo.mod' are full public domain and can be used in any
way you like.

   There is one exception to the above.  If you plan to release a freely
distributable program, you may include 'kick13/reqtools.library',
'kick20/reqtools.library' and the installation script (with icon) with your
distribution.  It is left to the programmer to decide whether he wished to
register as a ReqTools developer.  Registration is not required, use is free.

   Commercial usage is allowed if the following two conditions are met:
a) you register as a ReqTools developer and b) you send me a copy of your
program(s) using reqtools.library.  If these conditions are met you are
allowed to include the 1.3 and 2.0 version of reqtools.library and the
install script with your commercial product.

   Whether your program is freely distributable or commercial, you must state
in your documentation that your program uses reqtools.library and that
ReqTools is Copyright (c) Nico François.

